hello and welcome to the Guru showed his
me Joanie on secor so we are now in
fight week for Mayweather versus
Pacquiao and I know I said I would do a
video after the fight but I thought you
know what let's get on camera and give
you a prediction video because i cannot
wait it so close now after five years
awaiting for it we're finally going to
see Mayweather and Manny in the same
ring it's amazing i'm also at the end of
the video going to give you a little bit
of a preview of the chassis versus
Lester game tonight but that's gonna be
really really small but you know I just
can't wait for this fight and I just
really want to talk about it so this is
really the best way so yeah five years
we've waited five long years was it
going to happen everyone was in know
everyone was saying why isn't it
happening people were accused in Florida
being scared people were saying it was a
mani because he didn't want to do you
know the drug tests but after all that
time they finally agreed on terms we're
getting the fight and I think it's going
to be an amazing fight but for me there
is one stand a fire for me there's one
person who's going to win this fight and
I think that we will see that on fight
night I think we've seen a tiny little
glimmer of what I'm talking about when
they went face-to-face back in March and
Floyd is a lot bigger than money
especially while money yesterday when
their arrival in the MGM Grand and money
Nick go to MGM grand but basically
rather than his arrival in Las Vegas
you've done a little bit of a press
conference and he looks more like
smaller than what I thought so I think
they're obviously going for speed in
this fight they're going to try to get
in and out but the thing you need to
understand is with Floyd is that he's
very smart and it's going to be hard to
get to him and get out that's where I
think manage problem will come from is
you can't lunge because if he lunges it
open himself up for a counter right hand
and I think if he you know it's just
going to be interesting to see how he
gets in Freddie Roach's a master
tactician is you know he's one train of
the year so many times and it's going to
be interesting to see what his game plan
is going to be because he needs to
shorten that distance between floyd
my name is Floyd likes to keep the
distance he likes to dictate the peace
and Manny's you have to try to
counteract that and disturb that and try
to get in you know land a flurry and get
out any cat lunch because the minute he
lunges Floyd will capitalize that hit
him you know there's always been this
myth about Floyd that he hates
left-handed fighters each struggles
against them there's a huge huge you
know lie in my opinion about hearing
much she struggled with Zab Judah I've
watched that fight back twice since this
fights been in my been announced and you
know people said the flood was really
bad in the first three rounds and I'm
not going to sit irritated as abdeen
giving problems because up did give him
problems but not to the extent that
people trying to say that Floyd suffers
against left-handed fighters I think
that Floyd will come out I think that
Floyd will try and this it could be will
take this I think he's going to take the
center of the Ring I think he's going to
be aggressive I think know he's going to
shock a few people i think that Floyd
knows that you can't be ultra defensive
in this fight because if he does Manny
will rack up the rounds that's the best
one of the problems that Floyd could
face is that if he if he's waiting for
money and continues to wait for money
and try to look for those counters and
money does get in and gets out fros
loaded punches he could lose roams just
off of work rate and that's what Freud
can't do so fluid will need to engage
fluid will need to get into the fight
and I think that Floyd will I think that
Floyd will pick money apart I think that
when money comes in at the big early
rounds I think he's going to try to do
the game plan which will be whatever it
is to try to cut the distance between
him in fluid so it has a huge reach
advantage over him and when I think
Manny realizes that's not going to work
I think he's going to get a bit
frustrated he's going to revert to type
and that's when it's going to start to
jump in and lunge in and I think he's
just going to leave himself open to the
Cook County right hand and I think now
Floyd will pick him apart money could do
you know some that with like trying to
turn me Mayweather he's got very good
foot movement money and he could try to
circle Floyd get in Circle away and
tried to keep turning fluid around
because Floyd what he's doing his
shoulder roll he's very stationary at
times in terms of he's there obviously
you can't get to him but he's there and
what money could try to do is try to
circle image try to make him move that
could be something that could be
interesting
especially with that tactic is that
Freddie Roach is spin saying all the way
through this training captain that fluid
legs have gone and they're not what they
used to be so we'll see that I don't
agree with him I think fluids legs are
very pretty good still just look at the
marcos maidana to fight and it's going
to be a sensational fight so who do I
think is going to win I think everyone
has got me on Facebook those who are
going to win I've windows I hammer a
fully-fledged member of the money team
but I think it's going to be a very very
hard may I guess it's going to be a very
very hard fight for Floyd I think that
money will give him problems I think
that Floyd will I think fluids going to
win the first three rounds I know people
make thing that's a bit wrong because
obviously what's happened you know Floyd
templum starts a bit slow but I think
fluids going to win the first three
rounds I think money will come into it I
think money will try to do a little bit
of business and try to you know disrupt
Floyd I think he will I think that
eventually Floyd will just I think
frozen after just a few times he's very
good at adjusting once I think he's
going to adjusting it can make fast and
then man you do sewing foot life to
adjust it then free to do what yesterday
the money made do another game plan when
I food after just again but the one
thing that has fun this day this fights
been made I have a massive massive
feeling foods gonna knock him out in the
knife round I don't know why Floyd look
strong in this training camp he looks
ripped he looked big and I think it you
gonna have a bit too much strength for
money I think he's allowed to push money
about I think he's gonna bail to enforce
his will and I think he's just gonna
eventually get money coming in desperate
and he's just going to counter I think
money's gonna get desperate and food is
gonna hit him with the right hand and
it's going to be good night and I think
Floyd will then start to get some of the
recognition he deserves like hope and I
pray the excuses don't start coming
around about how it should have happened
five years ago because before he took
this fight they have to take this fight
you know he gets guaranteed money
whoever he fights with this Showtime
deal but yeah he's taking a harder
Polian and Manny Pacquiao who may not be
what he once was and I dont still I
think he's taking a fully-fledged heavy
hit since the one my MA the marquez
fight but still he
incredible fire and he looks more viet
i'm getting a little bit interesting to
see why is that small he looks very
small but we have to wait and see the
fight is only a few days away on
saturday it's going to be amazing I'm
gonna be absolutely steamed huh I'm
going to go and have a few drinks
watching the fight hopefully I don't get
too wasted so I catch you remember to
fight but yeah it's gonna be incredible
and i can't wait for it so yeah on the
side of chassis what were five points
away from winning the league it's
amazing I cannot wait hopefully tonight
when we play off you cost us back I
really wanted to see solanki play by the
way um when he against arsenal I would
have started meeting sensational form it
was a it was a nothing match and really
didn't mean much the dead rubber really
they can you know we're practically
gonna win the Premier League anyway so I
don't see why Maria never played him but
hopefully gets his chance next season
but for tonight i think is gonna be a
hard game away at leicester but i think
you know but just too good and we're so
close to the Premier League now I think
we're going to put in a sensational
performance and I think that we're going
to wrap this league up in the next two
games and then we can celebrate so
thanks for watching our seats are
torture war after the
mayweather-pacquiao fight I'm a I'm not
committing to nothing but I may do a
video tonight for the I do a review at
the leicester game if i watch it watch
it all because I you know I don't know
I'm doing tonight but thanks for
watching and I talked you again very
very soon see there